The following information was extracted from ftp://ftp.nstream.pl/Rozne/iperf-2.0.5-2-win32/doc/cygwin.html

Most of the tools are covered by the GNU GPL, some are public domain, and others have a X11 style license. To cover the
GNU GPL requirements, the basic rule is if you give out any binaries, you must also make the source available. For the
full details, be sure to read the text of the GNU General Public License (GPL). For more information on the GPL see the
GPL FAQ.

The Cygwin™ API library found in the winsup subdirectory of the source code is also covered by the GNU GPL (with
exceptions; see below). By default, all executables link against this library (and in the process include GPL'd Cygwin™
glue code). This means that unless you modify the tools so that compiled executables do not make use of the Cygwin™
library, your compiled programs will also have to be free software distributed under the GPL with source code available
to all.

The following text is a partial copy of the CYGWIN_LICENSE file from the Cygwin™ sources

Cygwin™ API Licensing Terms

Cygwin™ is free software. Red Hat, Inc. licenses Cygwin to you under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
published by the Free Software Foundation; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General
Public License either version 3 of the license, or (at your option) any later version (GPLv3+), along with the
additional permissions given below.

There is NO WARRANTY for this software, express or implied, including the implied warranties of MERCHANTABILITY or
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program. If not, see
<http://gnu.org/licenses/>.

Cygwin™ Open Source Licensing Exception

As a special exception to GPLv3+, Red Hat grants you permission to link software whose sources are distributed under a
license that satisfies the Open Source Definition with libcygwin.a, without libcygwin.a itself causing the resulting
program to be covered by GPLv3+.

This means that you can port an Open Source application to Cygwin™, and distribute that executable as if it didn't
include a copy of libcygwin.a linked into it. Note that this does not apply to the Cygwin™ DLL itself. If you
distribute a (possibly modified) version of the Cygwin™ DLL, you must adhere to the terms of the GPLv3+, including the
requirement to provide sources for the Cygwin™ DLL, unless you have obtained a special Cygwin™ license to distribute
the Cygwin™ DLL in only its binary form (see below).

See http://www.opensource.org/docs/osd/ for the precise Open Source Definition referenced above.

Cygwin™ Alternative License

Red Hat sells a special Cygwin™ License for customers who are unable to provide their application in open source code
form. For more information, please see:
http://www.redhat.com/software/cygwin/, or call +1-866-2REDHAT ext. 45300 (toll-free in the US).

Outside the US call your regional Red Hat office.
